Where did chotu go?
He's gone inside to keep
the bucket that you threw.
Hey mister, they took our car.
The three chics took your car.
They made a big fool of you.
Men can't think straight
with a hot-head.
Car, money, honour, wife.
Kings have lost their kingdoms
due to this hot-hotheadedness.
Battles were fought!
Hello, sir. I'm all right.
Please talk decently.
Let me talk.
I'm the wife of Pranav Kumar.
Oh, your highness, please order.
These are my brothers.
We were lost,
so those chics helped us.
Do you know anything about them?
I don't know much
about them, your highness.
These ladies come from Punjab,
fuck innocent people...
I mean, fool innocent people.
People say that,
they come here and do some dirty work.
And then rob valuables like wallets,
clothes and in your case, car.
No one informs the police?
Since the chics are from Punjab,
Bhatinda,
and then you know,
policemen are lazy.
Policemen here have
jurisdiction here,
Policemen there have
jurisdiction there.
It's all messed up.
No one is interested in working.
Couldn't you have told us when
they were taking our car?
Please forgive me, your highness.
It's a source of entertainment for me.
There is no TV, cable,
and the internet speed also is 2g.
I would advise you.
Take the highway,
and catch the car.
That bus is crap.
Won't have made it far.
I'm saying, let's just go to the cops.
Fuck this shit.
No, then Pranav will get to know about
all this and that'll be another mess.
If anything happens to Tiago,
I won't be able to live.
Quit your melodrama.
Let's hitch a ride
from here till the highway,
then we'll figure out the rest.
Why hitch a ride on a tempo?
Your highness,
offer me a chance to serve you.
In my opinion,
you should rent one of my cars.
And get going.
Let's discuss the budget.
This.
And this.
Both move like a knife on butter.
Where are we?
All these used cars
are up for sale.
Yeah, but isn't it too quiet?
Baba, I think we shouldn't
take Chanchal along.
So you'll leave me in the parking lot?
I'm concerned about your safety.
You don't need to bark.
I wish our parents had thought
so much about safety.
That's very rude huh?
Very rude.
You deserve it.
Hey.
How is it my fault?
And if you had obediently had sex with
Shoshana then we wouldn't be running
around in the desert like refugees
and the car wouldn't have been stolen.
I think you're right.
It's my fault.
It's okay.
Oh!
Okay.
Sarcasm?
Nice.
Um, excuse me, mister.
Yeah?
Tell me.
Epic.
We wanted a favour from you.
Tell me.
We...
Man, wh...what are you
doing with this phone.
Baba this is beautiful!
Um, we are
looking for them.
Have you gone crazy?
Is your fate doomed?
Don't go looking for them.
But, they stole our car.
That is what they do.
So we just want to talk to them.
Don't talk to them.
You need to talk to their daddy.
Where will we find their dad?
Right in this lane.
Ahead of Lucky's store.
This must be it.
Baba.
He is doing it with all
three of them together
Should we knock?
Sshh.. element of surprise.
What if he shoots us in
the name of surprise.
Let's open this.
Baba, one,two...
Hey, quite.
Chitvan shalom!
Hey, Soshan.
Baby.
Who's that?
Hey.
Friends!
Come.
You are?
Polo Marco.
You already met Shoshana.
Jael.
Tahliya.
Yeah we met them,
they stole our car.
Now which car?
My car, Tiago.
9590.
Oops.
Oops?
Your car's gone.
Where?
Here, there everywhere.
-What?
-Let it go.
Hey, baby.
No, don't be naughty.
Come here, come to daddy.
Come, come,
come, come, come.
I am sorry.
I love them.
They are like my daughters.
Don't be naughty.
Go, go, go.
So, uh.
Are you from Israel?
Israel?
They are from Pune.
My real name is Makrant Pol.
Here Polo Marco.
Met these babies outside Osho ashram.
Okay so, so what.
Have you dismantled our car?
Good, good, good, man.
Listen Mr.
Pol.
North pole, south pole, Makrant Pol.
Sir your English isn't very good.
Can we switch to Hindi please?
Is it okay if we talk in Hindi?
Yeah, cool.
Okay, so you are saying
that you have dismantled
our car and sold it?
Correct.
What the fuck!
Hey, wait a minute.
So now what should be done?
You tell.
You won't get the car back.
How about a massage?
Hey you fool stop joking about it.
One minute, one minute, Chitvan.
We'll go to the police.
We will go to the police
Yeah, yeah good idea.
But what is the proof?
Documents of the car.
You have the documents, right?
They are there in the car.
What?
Yeah
You must be having copies of it, right?
It is there in the car.
Any RC or anything?
Maybe you kept something in your wallet?
Will I roam around
with it in my pocket?
Why won't you? He took your wallet as well
Make her understand.
Cars get stolen sometimes.
-Fuck man!
-Just stop it!
Amazing, you guys.
Let's just fucking go to the cops.
Come on, guys.
What is this?
Protection.
The thing is,
a lot of thefts happen here.
Listen
Marco Polo, whatever it is!
Hey!
I'll hit you real hard.
Just stop it. Leave him
Stop it, Chitvan!
Just stop it, Chitvan!
Stop it I said. One minute.
Hey.
Wallet.
Yeah, I'm giving it, sorry.
Hold on.
Baba, what are you doing?
Let me handle this.
Oh nice.
Dollars.
I love dollars.
Take this.
I have left five hundred.
Feed the kids vadapav, okay?
Now things are settled between us.
Go straight home, okay?
Go straight,
home.
Come, let's get out of here.
Come, Chitvan.
Let's go.
Move, move.
I gave him money.
Baba.
Do you understand
the meaning of an elder brother?
What?
You shat your pants in there.
You were distributing money like a cow.
Did I have any other options?
He slapped me and you didn't even move.
If you hadn't moved much,
you wouldn't have gotten slapped.
That's your answer?
And what if he molested Chanchal?
What would you have done?
Nothing right?
Just shut up Chitvan, okay?
This happened just
because of your foolishness.
What the fuck did I do?
Was it necessary to argue in front of him.
Do you have the documents?
Photocopies of the documents?
What is in your purse?
I was just reacting naturally.
At least I reacted.
Unlike you.
Oh come on, not you too okay?
What was I supposed to do?
Should I have hit them back?
If they would have beaten us up,
and done something with Chanchal,
then could we have done something?
It was smart to quietly leave that place
and go to the police after that.
Baba.
I used to call you a loser jokingly.
Today you actually showed
how fainthearted you are.
If you hadn't stopped me...
Hey, Jackie Chan, I didn't stop you.
That guy slapped you
and his goons stopped you.
And if you were so angry?
Why didn't you beat
them up then and there?
Why were you waiting for my support?
You were spending your fuckk all life
without my support for so many years?
Then what happened today?
I ran away exactly from this shit.
I was happy there only.
Great.
So now you admit it.
That running away from your problems
has always been your habit.
Oh please you don't speak okay?
You also ran away, didn't you?
If you were that unhappy,
why didn't you leave earlier?
Pranav was heckling you out of the house.
-I ran away for you two...
-Oh, come on please.
Please dude, cut the crap okay?
There is no such deep love amongst us.
There is a situational comedy happening.
That's why we are together.
Otherwise nobody
is bothered about each other.
We don't even know what
is going on in our lives.
And why do you think that happened?
Because we don't fucking care.
Whatever I did in there,
was because I care about you guys.
And do you actually think
I was scared of that shithead?
You think I am scared of him?
I can't beat him up?
Motherfucker, I'll show him right now.
See what I do!
Baba! Baba!`
Stop breaking shit
and being a hero.
The villian is getting away.
I found my Tiago.
I love you my life.
See, the Tiago.
-Yes!
Sir, save me.
This guy has gone mad.
He'll kill me, sir.
Sir, this guy and his
three girls together...
Sir they are my daughters.
Three daughters?
Yes, sir. He and his brother
were trying to molest my daughters.
You molested his daughters?
Hey, shut up!
Yes, sir. My poor girls were changing.
And he was peeping in.
My kids yelled,
I came outside.
This guy started touching them, sir.
What nonsense is he saying?
I tried stopping him
and he hit me with a rod instead, sir.
Look at this, sir...
Sir, he...
Sir, his three daughters
were drinking beer in the desert.
He stole our car, was dismantling it
and selling it.
Baba, I found the car
it's parked right outside.
Baba.
Are you sleeping?
It is a little uncomfortable, isn't it?
Do you know ladies' cell
is way better than this.
They have mosquito repellents too.
I saw.
You should be happy, Baba.
I told you, right?
This experience is necessary.
Even you know how it feels now.
Now you're a real man.
Should I give you a tip?
In a hostel or jail.
It is best to empty your stomach
first thing in the morning.
After that the commode
doesn't stay fit to be used.
And your hygiene habits...
How rude!
Mister.
Do you feel like going to the loo
early in the morning?
Come, you guys have been bailed out.
Hmm get up.
Hey, What's up?
Oh, he's still in his character.
Chanchal called me.
In the middle of the night.
So...
So, you came all the way
to Bhatinda for us?
For her.
Awww.
Your car keys.
It's parked outside.
And that...
wooden carriage, what is that?
Batmobile, we took it on rent...
Nevermind...
Sir.
I can go right?
Yes, of course.
Thanks, Pranav.
Baba, I'll see you outside.
Come, come.
Khurana, sir. Thank you very much.
No Kuwar, sir.
Why are you making it a big deal?
Don't thank me just give
my salutation to the colonel.
Sure.
Make sure you catch that fraud.
He shouldn't be troubling anybody else.
Absolutely, Sir.He is lucky,
he escaped this time.
We'll catch him, sir.
And brother you,
try to control a little.
All these blonde, brunette...
Everyday guys are locked up for them.
No, no, no, you are misunderstanding me.
It is not a wrong thing.
It is very natural.
But there is nothing like that, sir.
Chandan, Chandan.
Let it go.
Sir, understood.
Thanks.
I'll leave.
You have the car...
And Chanchal is...
Where is she?
Ticket.
Manali.
Baba, I have taken parathas
and chips to eat on the way.
We'll drink fresh lassi ahead.
Hey listen, I...
What is this?
What?
What the fuck is this?
Oh, this?
It was a prayer to find the car.
Bhole baba, Neelkanth.
It changes shades.
Gets better.
I can't do this.
-I can't do this. I'm sorry...
-What?
I can't fucking look at you right now.
Coming to you is the biggest
fucking mistake of my life.
What are you saying?
Fuck you, man!
Baba, you're just jealous.
Okay, sorry!
Family helps you out during a crisis.
But when the family is full of fools...
They create a crisis.
Go Mumbai Indians!
I should've gone straight
to mom and dad in Manali.
Baba!
Compatibility...
♫ A mother asks, ♫
♫ “Oh my daughter, what bothers you?” ♫
♫ “Oh, mother where does the moon go, ♫
♫  Where do the stars go, ♫
♫ And where do the ones we love go?” ♫
♫ Oh daughter, the moon may hide, ♫
♫ The stars may disappear, ♫
♫ The ones close to our hearts
Never leave us ♫